Similar to what we have been doing in p5.js,
we can also create our custom polygons
in JSCAD. To do so, we have the so called
"polygon" command and this one works as all
the others, so it will return an object, that
we then can further use for other operations.
It takes an object as a parameter and
inside our object, we have a points
attribute. We will add the
whole thing to our objects.
And now we can provide an array of 2d
coordinates, to create our polygon. I
will simply try to retrace the rectangle
that i've already drawn here. I will start
in the upper corner and then simply work my
way around the rectangle. We need four points.
Next we go right, and then we go to the lower
right, and to the left, and if i save this.
And just comment out the first bits.
We have a rectangle again. One thing to keep
in mind, if you're drawing your own polygons,
the points should be in clockwise order.
Why do they need to be in clockwise order?
We cannot only provide one polygon to our
polygon function, but instead we can add
another array around our initial array
and now we can provide multiple polygons,
that are being combined and all the polygons
that are clockwise are recognized as filled
areas and all the polygons that we
provide in counterclockwise order,
those are recognized as holes in our polygon.
If we add another polygon to our list here. I
will simply copy the original one. And now change
the direction of how we work our way around our
rectangle. We start in the upper left corner
again, but now we will go counterclockwise.
Save it. And now we can see that
there is another polygon inside. And
right now you cannot really see if it's
actually a hole or not. To demonstrate,
that this is actually a hole
in our original polygon now,
i will do a very simple linear extrude.
And use our polygon. Override the polygon.
And now you can see that it's actually a hole. Now
only the area outside the hole is being extruded,
as we use the extrudeLinear command